Welcome back my students so I'm going to be actually fixing something from that you're actually not
fixing it but adding some more functionality.
Well we know that every time we add some type of item in the database for example I don't know.
Let me see if I can come up with a car name.
All right I got one.
I was getting better guys.
I was actually really good when I first started this course but I don't know what happened.
But anyway if I had a car here you can see that we get the response right here.
But this doesn't clear so we need to clear this for him right here.
All right.
So I got the easy fix for that in this lecture.
I also want to add that functionality where we search for a car and we can't find it in the database
then it will give us back a response saying listen you know the car was not found.
Sorry we don't have or something like that.
Right.
So let's try to kill two birds in one shot.
All right.
So if you're in that stage a male and you were cold that's the car
right here right below here I'm going to add another piece of cold.
Once this is finished getting the response back I want to reset the form so I'm going to do this like
this.
I'm going to grab a the idea of the form right here to target it via Jake where we and my.
Would go.
So I'm targeting the form and what I want to do with the form is reset it.
So they're going to reset the form the first in that's of the form.
And let's just reset it like this reset.
There we go.
And you can also do this via javascript.
You get the element by ID and you do the reset.
All right.
But anyway set.
And there's another way of actually doing this by setting the value of this value right here.
The value of this input.
I'm sorry to empty.
All right.
Some developers do that but I'd like to reset the form.
If this doesn't work for you try targeting the input field and setting up the empty value to it.
All right so now if we had another car for example then see if I can come up with something really fast.
All right.
I think I have it on day at car.
Now we at the car and now the form is reset it.
Right so nice reset.
We're back to this is looking better by the day right guys and ladies.
All right so search in the form.
All right so now we can find stuff right.
But if we don't have the car for it's so you know let's just say I'm looking for.
I don't know Hummer.
And we don't have it.
It doesn't show anything.
So let's go back to our BHB search for search file.
This is where the problem is.
Right.
So we select everything from from cars where tidal surge or whatever and with title like search.
All right so what we need to do here is we need to come up with a way to count the records in our database.
All right so if we don't find anything when we're searching then we displayed something else.
So just cold cold this in a variable called count.
And I'm going to use a function call my Eskew a line from rolls who's going to count the rows in the
database and all we have to pass to that function is search the result set coming back like that and
save it.
Now we have the count of the rules inside the database.
All right.
So now we don't want to do this unless the count is you know unless we have something right.
So let's do that.
Let's create an IF condition here and we're going to say if count all right is less then zero right
is less or equal to zero than one HQ whatever below.
Right.
Right now we are echoing this right here.
So if it's less than or equal to zero we want to echo something else.
We're going to call Sorry we don't have that car available Sunday like that right else.
That means we have something and we can't secure this cold right here.
All right.
So I pasted that basically that cold inside the else.
Let's see if it works ok.
If not we'll debug it.
Don't worry.
Let's refresh this.
Will go so we don't have s available on Dyson's stock
right.
S it's not.
Say something like example for sorry we don't have that car.
Right.
So our application is looking pretty good right.
It's getting better and better by the minute.
Well by the lecture.
All right.
So if you're happy with the course so far don't forget to give me a review in the course it really helps
a lot.
And you know it motivates me to keep making more lectures.
Again thank you and I'll see you in the next lectures.
Take care.